Rename Services to Actions in integrations: K (#33819)
home-assistant/home-assistant.github.io: source/_integrations/keba.markdown

- Binary sensors: Online state, plug state, charging state and failsafe mode state.
- Lock: Authorization (like with the RFID card).
- Sensors: current set by the user, target energy set by the user, charging power, charged energy of the current session and total energy charged.

> - Actions: authorize, deauthorize, set energy target, set the maximum allowed current and manually update the states. More details can be found [here](#actions).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Actions: authorize, deauthorize, set energy target, set the maximum allowed current and manually update the states. More details can be found in the [actions](#actions) section.
```
